Update group.md (#21090)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/v1.0/resources/group.md

| :--------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Public           | Anyone can join the group without needing owner permission.<br>Anyone can view the attributes of the group.<br>Anyone can see the members of the group.                                                                                                                                                        |
| Private          | Owner permission is needed to join the group.<br>Anyone can view the attributes of the group.<br>Anyone can see the members of the group.                                                                                                                                                              |

> | HiddenMembership | Owner permission is needed to join the group.<br>Guests cannot view the attributes of the group.<br>Non-members cannot see the members of the group.<br>Administrators (global, company, user, and helpdesk) can view the membership of the group.<br>The group appears in the global address book (GAL). |

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
| HiddenMembership | Owner permission is needed to join the group.<br>Guest users cannot view the attributes of the group.<br>Non-members cannot see the members of the group.<br>Administrators (global, company, user, and helpdesk) can view the membership of the group.<br>The group appears in the global address book (GAL). |
```
